# CS-330-Computational-Graphics-and-Visualization
### How do I approach designing software?
   When designing software, user and stakeholder requirements are top priority. In this application, we were to take a 2D image and render it into a 3D scene using OpenGL in C++. Considering this was my introduction to design, I have aquired a lot of new skills in the process. Learning how to apply matrices and how they interact with one another is a skill that I can apply in multiple applications. When designing the 3D scene, I would make minute changes and not move onto the next object until it was flawless from all angles. Using this tactic can be helpful and harmful, too much time on one object could slow overall production but in this case it was extremely helpful. 
   
### How do I approach developing programs?
  Since the 3D scene had a lot of detail, it was important to work on the bigger objects in order to get a grasp on where the smaller objects would fit. Making the larger, more noticable objects more realistic helped bring the 3D scene to life. Iteration played a huge factor in the project because a lot was repetitive with small crutial differences. Labeling and commenting made it drastically easier if I had to make edits further down the developmental road. Also, grouping similar objects together in the code made it easier to navigate within the code. In this project, organization reigned supreme.
  
### How can computer science help me in reaching my goals?
  With many applications and software programs, ease of visability and navigation is crutial. If there are two mobile apps that serve the same purpose but look drasitcally different, odds are the one that is more visually pleasing will be more successfull. In the ever growing video game arena, graphics is the number 1 factor. Having a new understand on computational visuals and graphics can alter how a new software can be created. Knowing how objects can be made, displayed, and interacted and more imporantly what would be technically unachievable. In any computer science it is important to know what can be achieved with certain techniques, and what can not. With the completion of this course, I have a new found respect for computational visuals and graphics. 
